mimir-distributed: update RELEASE instructions (#9629)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/RELEASE.md

   - There shouldn't be anymore update needed in documentation because that has been done in the release candidate step above.

>      > **Note:** It is worth checking that the final versions of Mimir and GEM defined in the chart match with those mentioned in the changelog and the release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > **Note:** Check that the final versions of Mimir and GEM defined in the chart match those mentioned in the changelog and the release notes.
```
